the guy says any Umbridge and today I'm
gonna be showcasing my zombie Colossus
this is for the same guy who
commissioned the AOA Colossus he wanted
a zombie Colossus done I'm just gonna do
a run-through of what I did here so
obviously it's a colossus base and if
you saw my last video you saw probably a
little snippet of me trembling away at
the face of Colossus so what was left on
the head was just a hole there and I put
a casting of judge deaths face in its
place so as you can see it's got that
skeleton skull looking detail to it as
if his flesh was ripped away but of
course you know it's not flesh he's made
of steel although I'm not really too
familiar with the zombie Colossus so I'm
not sure it's supposed to be a steel
Colossus because from the pictures that
I've seen it looks like it's it's just
him in his flesh as a zombie but
nonetheless still looks like a cool
zombie so I painted up the face with the
some bone color and then just splattered
red all over his face
splattered some blood all over his armor
right there randomly there's a drill
hole right there put a gash on his chest
with blood everywhere cut up his
shoulder armor there to give it look
like give it a look of you know damage
to him and then blood on his arm another
gash on his on their I drilled the hole
through his hand all the way through and
let him that the dremeled out like a
huge hole in his stomach and then
started filling it with hot glue and
epoxy give it that spilling guts look
there's blood on his belt you can't see
the X anymore just like to fade it away
from I the blood I'm a huge hole in his
arm right there and I figured I'd make
it look like damaged holes on his uh
what his pigs are at as well his hand
chopped off I'm gonna bang it there his
hand is down there so it's removable
Matt's got his hand back you got some
holes on his right leg blood on his
boots and this was a fun party here I
took a chunk out of his leg right here
and then sculpted the inside so then you
see like leg muscles and whatnot I'm
gonna bone right there down the center
made it a real bloody mess as a knee on
this one is all chopped up for damage
affect blood on it
and then here same same deal as the
upper thigh here gave him huge gash
right there and you can see his bone as
well
and that's about it
there's the back there's more blood on
his back there's a hole going through
and I didn't want to go too crazy with
all this this stuff right here because
from the picture it looked like he was
still completely intact except for his
face but yeah that is zombie Colossus
right there
I know what you think
you